1. In the below elements which of them are values or an expression? eg:- values can be integer or string and expressions will be mathematical operators.
*
'hello'
-87.8
- 
/ 
+	
6 
The operators are +, -, *, and /. The values are 'hello', -88.8, and 5.
2. What is the difference between string and variable?
A variable is basically the name of the location in the primary memory of your computer. 
A variable can store everything from strings to numbers. A string is the values inside the quotes assigned to a string.
3. Describe three different data types.
Integer
Float string
4. What is an expression made up of? What do all expressions do?
An expression is a combination of values, variables, operators, and calls to functions. Expressions need to be evaluated. If you ask Python to print an expression, the interpreter evaluates the expression and displays the result.
5. This assignment statements, like spam = 10. What is the difference between an expression and a statement?
In programming language terminology, an “expression” is a combination of values and functions that are combined and interpreted by the compiler to create a new value, as opposed to a “statement” which is just a standalone unit of execution and doesn't return anything
6. After running the following code, what does the variable bacon contain?
bacon = 22
bacon + 1

23

7. What should the values of the following two terms be?
'spam' + 'spamspam'
'spam' * 3
'spam' + 'spamspam' = spamspamspam
'spam' * 3 =
spamspamspam
8. Why is eggs a valid variable name while 100 is invalid?
Variable names cannot begin with a number.
9. What three functions can be used to get the integer, floating-point number, or string version of a value?
The int() , float() , and str( ) functions will evaluate to the integer, floating-point number, and string versions of the value passed to them.
10. Why does this expression cause an error? How can you fix it?
'I have eaten ' + 99 + ' burritos.'
eaten ' + str(99) + ' burritos.'
We cant merge string and integer

